help you discover yourself by one's own cognitions.
That is mother of the old, the Buddha's.
I pay homage. That is a roughly translation.
That is nature of the awareness or nature of the rippa.
When you look to the looker,
use the technique of the pixelables or just look to the looker.
That moment, we discovered the trail that we ignored so long time.
Really we ignored.
Now we rediscover, rediscover.
Then we just say we have to relax.
That is the really the nature of the mind in the teaching sense.
That, and we discovered exactly as it is.
Exactly as it is.
For those reasons, therefore, very famous.
I thought this is really one of the kind of ways.
I mean, those are, I mean, so special,
those old pointing out teachings by many great masters.
One after another when they explain,
so special and that is again,
I mentioned to you quite a few times,
great master, what's called Atisha,
and he's a foremost disciple, Ramthamba, Jabran Yuni.
There's a book known as the dialogue between master and the teachers.
And I think in that teaching, this is the quotation,
I'm just taking the quotation.
And from that teaching said Ramthamba Jabran said,
his disciples said to Atisha,
the master, I looked so many times, did not saw anything.
That's what the Ramthamba said to the Atisha.
I looked so many times, I didn't see anything.
That means talking about the mind.
I didn't not see anything.
So Atisha said, Ram, he called Ram,
you saw the true nature again and again.
You saw the nature again and again.
And then again, Ram, Atisha, sorry, Ram said,
master, then I have to just relax on that,
that when I don't show anything, I just have to relax,
or when I don't find any relax in that status.
And then Atisha said, yes, relax, calmly, peacefully.
Calmly, relaxing, peacefully in that status.
That is really nugget point.
Again, pointing out, seeing that exactly.
There's nothing to see.
That you already mind, they like to grab something,
clingy something, hold something.
But nature is free from grabbing,
free from grasping, free from clinging.
It's open, vastness, as like a blue sky.
And then that is also a gracious teacher,
the Buddha said in the Pandya Paramada teaching,
said, I also said quite a few times, say that.
When purpose, people say, I saw sky.
When purpose say, I saw the sky.
But when you ask them, what you saw the sky,
what you saw the space, but this blue sky is not sky.
So this is what you see.
This is a space.
When you see space, people say, I see space.
But what do you saw spaces?
Then what do you explain?
There's nothing to explain it.
That was, again, gracious teacher Buddha said,
that is exactly the same, seeing the nature as it is.
When you see that, now, then you have to relax.
You have to abide in that status with joy, with appreciation,
with devotion, with bodhicata.
Even joy in bodhicata and devotion,
those are display of this emptiness mind.
There's no solid existence, it's all immediately accented.
Immediately it is dissolved or liberated.
It is all stated without any trace.
This is the nature.
We have to abide, continue.
This practice of this, this is called the cuckoo practices.
Cuckoo means what?
Of course, you all know.
Cutting poorly, instantly.
What cut? All duality consumption.
Instantly liberated.
It also encompasses all those teachings, those teachings.
Tritu encompasses the Pandyaparamada teaching.
Tritu encompasses the Mademaga teaching.
Tritu encompasses the Mahamudra teachings.
Tritu encompasses those pacifying teachings.
Tritu encompasses all the dual practices, everything.
So therefore, tritu is the embodiment of all the practices.
For that reason, with great confidence,
make one resolution, one determination,
restainting the familiar of our nature.
Make more familiar of the nature.
It's really the practices.